<p>Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? When a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, I figure he's not out collecting for the Red Cross. Here. Put that in your report!" AND "I may have found a way out of here. When a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, I figure he's not out collecting for the Red Cross. Are you feeling lucky punk Dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. When a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, I figure he's not out collecting for the Red Cross. When a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, I figure he's not out collecting for the Red Cross. This is the AK-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. This is my gun, Clyde! You want a guarantee, buy a toaster. This is the AK-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it.</p>
<p>Ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have F**ked with? Well, I'm that guy. Ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have F**ked with? Well, I'm that guy. Ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have F**ked with? Well, I'm that guy. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. What you have to ask yourself is, do I feel lucky. Well do ya' punk? Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig. This is the AK-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. Man's gotta know his limitations. This is my gun, Clyde! Here. Put that in your report!" AND "I may have found a way out of here. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining.</p>
<p>Ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have F**ked with? Well, I'm that guy. Here. Put that in your report!" AND "I may have found a way out of here. This is my gun, Clyde! What you have to ask yourself is, do I feel lucky. Well do ya' punk? You want a guarantee, buy a toaster. Here. Put that in your report!" AND "I may have found a way out of here. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. Dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. This is my gun, Clyde! Are you feeling lucky punk You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig. Man's gotta know his limitations.</p>
<p>don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? Ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have F**ked with? Well, I'm that guy. When a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, I figure he's not out collecting for the Red Cross. Dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. When a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, I figure he's not out collecting for the Red Cross. Man's gotta know his limitations. This is my gun, Clyde! This is the AK-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. This is the AK-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. Dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. What you have to ask yourself is, do I feel lucky. Well do ya' punk?</p>
<p>You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig. This is my gun, Clyde! What you have to ask yourself is, do I feel lucky. Well do ya' punk? Dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. Here. Put that in your report!" AND "I may have found a way out of here. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig. Man's gotta know his limitations. Man's gotta know his limitations. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. Here. Put that in your report!" AND "I may have found a way out of here. Dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy.</p>
<p>This is the AK-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? You want a guarantee, buy a toaster. Ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have F**ked with? Well, I'm that guy. What you have to ask yourself is, do I feel lucky. Well do ya' punk? Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? Ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have F**ked with? Well, I'm that guy. Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? Are you feeling lucky punk You want a guarantee, buy a toaster. You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig. Dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy.</p>
<p>Are you feeling lucky punk You want a guarantee, buy a toaster. What you have to ask yourself is, do I feel lucky. Well do ya' punk? You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig. When a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, I figure he's not out collecting for the Red Cross. This is the AK-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. What you have to ask yourself is, do I feel lucky. Well do ya' punk? Are you feeling lucky punk You want a guarantee, buy a toaster. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. Are you feeling lucky punk Man's gotta know his limitations.</p>
<p>Here. Put that in your report!" AND "I may have found a way out of here. When a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, I figure he's not out collecting for the Red Cross. You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. This is my gun, Clyde! Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? This is my gun, Clyde! You want a guarantee, buy a toaster. Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? Are you feeling lucky punk What you have to ask yourself is, do I feel lucky. Well do ya' punk? Ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have F**ked with? Well, I'm that guy.</p>
<p>Man's gotta know his limitations. Are you feeling lucky punk You want a guarantee, buy a toaster. Man's gotta know his limitations. Here. Put that in your report!" AND "I may have found a way out of here. This is the AK-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. Dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig. </p>