<p>It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. Well, what is it today? More spelunking? I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions.</p>
<p>Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. Bruce... I'm God. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you.</p>
<p>I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. Bruce... I'm God. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. I now issue a new commandment: Thou shalt do the dance. Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy.</p>
<p>Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. Well, what is it today? More spelunking? Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass.</p>
<p>I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. I now issue a new commandment: Thou shalt do the dance. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Bruce... I'm God. Bruce... I'm God. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. I now issue a new commandment: Thou shalt do the dance. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered.</p>
<p>Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. I now issue a new commandment: Thou shalt do the dance. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. Well, what is it today? More spelunking? Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you.</p>
<p>The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. I now issue a new commandment: Thou shalt do the dance. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd.</p>
<p>Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. I now issue a new commandment: Thou shalt do the dance. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass.</p>
<p>I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. Well, what is it today? More spelunking? Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. Bruce... I'm God. Bruce... I'm God. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. Well, what is it today? More spelunking? Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. </p>