<p>Pull my finger! I took a Viagra, got stuck in me throat, I've had a stiff neck for hours. You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? When I get back, remind to tell you about the time I took 100 nuns to Nairobi! Pull my finger! You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? My lord! You're a tripod. I want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. Your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. I want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! You know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... Yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look.</p>
<p>You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! You are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. I swore to them that I would protect you, and I haven't. Yes, I used a machine gun. Pull my finger! You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? It's not the size mate, it's how you use it. At this point, I'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! Pull my finger! My lord! You're a tripod. When I get back, remind to tell you about the time I took 100 nuns to Nairobi! I want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. I took a Viagra, got stuck in me throat, I've had a stiff neck for hours.</p>
<p>My lord! You're a tripod. When I get back, remind to tell you about the time I took 100 nuns to Nairobi! When I get back, remind to tell you about the time I took 100 nuns to Nairobi! Yes, I used a machine gun. You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? Jasper: Your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! Pull my finger! My lord! You're a tripod. You know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... Yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. It's not the size mate, it's how you use it. When I get back, remind to tell you about the time I took 100 nuns to Nairobi!</p>
<p>Your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. I want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! I took a Viagra, got stuck in me throat, I've had a stiff neck for hours. I want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. It's not the size mate, it's how you use it. Your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. You are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. I swore to them that I would protect you, and I haven't. It's not the size mate, it's how you use it. At this point, I'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? It's not the size mate, it's how you use it.</p>
<p>I want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. My lord! You're a tripod. You are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. I swore to them that I would protect you, and I haven't. I took a Viagra, got stuck in me throat, I've had a stiff neck for hours. Your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. Yes, I used a machine gun. Jasper: Your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. Jasper: Your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. When I get back, remind to tell you about the time I took 100 nuns to Nairobi! You know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... Yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? Yes, I used a machine gun.</p>
<p>My lord! You're a tripod. It's not the size mate, it's how you use it. Yes, I used a machine gun. Yes, I used a machine gun. At this point, I'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! At this point, I'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! At this point, I'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! You know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... Yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! Yes, I used a machine gun. At this point, I'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world!</p>
<p>You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? You know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... Yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. I took a Viagra, got stuck in me throat, I've had a stiff neck for hours. It's not the size mate, it's how you use it. You are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. I swore to them that I would protect you, and I haven't. You know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... Yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! When I get back, remind to tell you about the time I took 100 nuns to Nairobi! You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! When I get back, remind to tell you about the time I took 100 nuns to Nairobi! Jasper: Your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. Jasper: Your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for.</p>
<p>Your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. You are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. I swore to them that I would protect you, and I haven't. My lord! You're a tripod. Your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. I want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. It's not the size mate, it's how you use it. You are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. I swore to them that I would protect you, and I haven't. Jasper: Your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. Your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. You are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. I swore to them that I would protect you, and I haven't. You are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. I swore to them that I would protect you, and I haven't. I took a Viagra, got stuck in me throat, I've had a stiff neck for hours.</p>
<p>Jasper: Your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. Pull my finger! I want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. At this point, I'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! Pull my finger! I took a Viagra, got stuck in me throat, I've had a stiff neck for hours. Your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. Yes, I used a machine gun. You know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... Yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. You know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... Yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. Jasper: Your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. My lord! You're a tripod. </p>